I love you.
- I've never seen that before.
- This isn't yours?
- It is not.
- How'd you get it?
Blame? I don't know.
All right. Nothing else to see here.
Let's get out the street. Out the street.
This is a safe space. Zack.
Just be honest.
What do you remember about that night?
Bits and pieces.
Like scenes from different movies.
You understand why you're here. right?
You helped a trespasser
live in the walls of your house.
And you stabbed your dad
with a pair of garden shears.
Yeah. I don't know
what the fuck happened to me.
This is good.
You dissociated. and now you're confused
because you're coming out of it.
So. when do I go home?
- That might be a while.
- Really?
Because you're making it sound
so fucking simple.
"It's good."
I'm "just coming out of it."
"Hey. be the man you wanna be. Zack.
Be the man you wanna be."
I didn't say that.
I'm supposed to just be honest.
You can just sit there
and say whatever bullshit you want.
How do I get your job?
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
I don't know what's going on.
Don't be sorry.
Hey. this is a... It's a process. okay?
Hey. you will start to
feel like yourself again. Zack.
Yeah. what "self"?
Care to have a drink with me?
You remember I'm sober?
Sixteen years ago this week.
we closed on this house.
- You were seven months pregnant.
- I was eight months pregnant.
You were eight months pregnant.
Yeah. I was so uncomfortable.
It was so hot.
Left Nat with the babysitter.
Sat on these floors.
waiting for the movers to arrive.
Yeah. and they never came.
Well. they came to 812 West Jones Street...
- Yeah.
- ...in Charleston.
I wanted to murder them.
And all we had to drink were
Nat's juice boxes.
hot as hell from the car.
But that apple juice was
the best drink I've ever had.
You want some lunch?
No. I'm going in the pool.
Whoever it is knew you had a second cam.
"Whoever it is"? We know who it is.
Hold off on draining the pool
until we can test it. okay?
- Yeah. right.
- And y'all stay in town.
Y'all have any guns in the house?
Why are you asking us?
I'm sorry. but I... I have to ask--
Why don't you go downtown
and question him?
If y'all had kept
an eye on him like I said.
maybe my friend would be alive right now.
The bullets in the torso
looked like nine mil.
- I...
- ...give me any more details
than what you told me?
Yeah. it's Georgia. I got guns.
Y'all got a nine millimeter?
Yeah.
I'm sorry to ask.
but do you mind if I see it?
- Hang on.
- Would you be willing to head down
- to the station and make that statement?
- No. absolutely. we definitely will.
Yes. and any other de--
Springfield Echelon.
Happy?
When's the last time you fired it?
It's been a while. Yeah.
Just gotta rule it out.
Yeah. yeah.
I'm real sorry about your friend.
Thanks. Tom.
Yeah. sure. no problem.
I got it.
Hey.
Did you open the safe?
The gun safe? No. Why?
My Glock was loaded.
and there are three rounds missing.
Somebody fired it.
I don't know when or who.
Well. there's no way Max could've
used your gun to kill Ray. right?
Right?
What?
- No. no. no. no. no.
- Thank you. officer.
- Don't. Don't. Don't. Hey. no.
- Fuck you. Fuck you.
- Stop it! Stop it! Stop.
- You're a motherfucker! You...
What the heck is going on
in this neighborhood?
Jesus. officer.
You know that someone broke into my house?
- You know what you did.
- Hey. stop. Shh. Hey!
- This is what he wants.
But he didn't steal anything.
He left something for me to find.
And maybe for someone else to find.
I don't know.
The cops are trying to figure that out.
Hey. hey. hey. prosecutor.
Did our burglar leave something
in your house too?
- You're gonna go back to prison. Max.
- You put me away for what she did.
Now it's your turn. fucker!
Hey. bye. Thank you. officer.
Natalie. it's just a question.
How would I open your safe?
I don't... I don't even know the code.
Well. you heard me tell it to
your mom downstairs.
Why are you coming at me?
Natalie. I'm sorry. It's just.
it's really. really important. hon.
If you know anything.
you have got to tell us.
I don't.
Natalie. hey. Come here.
It's okay.
Listen. pack up some things.
You can go back to Paul's.
All right?
We gotta assume that somehow he got
this gun and he's trying to frame us.
I need to get rid of this.
Listen. whatever move he's making.
we gotta get ahead of it.
Oh. fuck.
- Anna.
- Yeah?
You should go talk to your dad.
Dad?
Hey! Come on in.
Are you high?
You're high.
No. I'm just taking my medication
like a good boy.
Check it out.
Oh. my God.
That motherfucker come out of nowhere.
We told you he had a dog.
You said you could handle it.
Yeah. well. thank you so much
for your sympathy. Annie.
And thank you for inviting me into
the bosom of your family.
Six years without dope.
six years no crime. no alcohol.
I barely smoked a cigarette.
All in hopes that one day I'd be able
to watch a Pixar movie
with my grandkids. But no...
Dad--
No. you call up and you smash all of that.
Dad. you got to get out of town. Now.
- Fuck you.
- No. fuck you.
You gotta go. Just go.
Well. how long am I supposed to
get gone for?
Six months. a year. I don't know.
Just disappear.
You're really good at that. Just...
All right.
Well. I... I'm gonna need food.
I'm gonna need lodging.
I'm going to need transportation.
I'm going to need medication.
and I am going to need...
How much?
$100.000.
You son of a bitch.
Or I could just lay around here
and lick my wounds
until the police show up.
This is what you were really after. right?
You don't care about me.
You don't care about my kids.
Hey. You called me. remember?
Yeah. my mistake.
- Annie!
- What?
You know all that shit you hate about me?
You're not your mama's girl.
You're every bit of me.
You're mine.
$100.000 to get you out of my life
for good sounds like a bargain.
Yeah. move those tables
away from each other. Those ones.
Okay? People need space
to feel comfortable.
Marqués de Riscal.
this one is the best one.
Okay.
I'll try the peach bourbon.
Thank you. sir.
Hey. Natalie. how are you?
Jesus. this thing in your backyard.
How crazy is that? Must be hard.
Well. they think that
you killed Ray with their gun.
The one I brought with me
to North Carolina.
Hold on. You-You... You had a gun. Why?
Did you?
Was I ever out of your sight?
I fell asleep in the car.
In the car?
Was he killed in North Carolina?
They don't know. but--
Listen. listen.
If it was me. you would have heard a shot.
and I can't imagine how confused
you must feel now
with all this going on.
But don't let that take away what we have.
The trust. the connection.
Blood. Natalie.
Answer my question.
Did you kill Ray? Because if you didn't.
then who... then who did?
They would do anything
to send me back to prison.
Are you saying that
my mom and Tom killed Ray
just to frame you?
I don't believe that.
I told them I was your sister.
Did you know that Max might be my dad too?
What's the problem?
I didn't get you pregnant. did I?
I went to North Carolina with Max.
And I don't know how.
but I think he killed someone there.
I don't know what to do.
I need you to tell me what
he's planning to do next 'cause I just...
Wait. you went where?
To the river where he grew up.
He took you there?
Nevaeh. I know that
he told you to do what you did.
So if you can just admit that.
this can stop--
If I'm your backup plan. you are fucked.
My parents are lawyers.
They can help get you out.
You were a minor who was groomed.
And I think maybe. somewhere.
you actually do care about me. so...
If you could just help me out. please.
Do you think he cares about you?
No. you're just a baby rat
for him to play with before he kills it.
So fuck you and fuck your parents.
Fine.
Fuck you.
Jealous bitch.
Sorry your dad used you
and threw you away in here.
You probably have to suck his dick
for him to call you back--
Shut the fuck up. you fucking bitch!
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Oh. my God. it's gonna be beautiful.
He's gonna tear you fucking people up!
Piece by fucking piece! Fucking bitch.
Two days after he got out.
Yeah. I remember it well.
I don't think
a day has gone by since then that I...
I haven't seen his face.
I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have pulled him into
all of this.
I invited the wolf in.
Hey. this is not your fault.
He knows we've been digging into him.
He's gonna come for us next.
Last time I talked to Ray.
he was trying to. I don't...
I don't know. the connection was bad.
But he must have found something out
that got him killed.
Wait. Ray must have
had his work phone on him
when he went up to North Carolina.
The-The location thing wasn't on.
I-I already checked.
We can't track his movement.
Wait. is that his laptop?
- Hey. put in his password.
- Okay.
Okay. check the iCloud.
If he had found something.
he would have taken pictures.
- What do I do?
- Here.
Those the last photos he took?
Yeah. Okay.
Where did Ray find these?
Does Max Cady have a stalker?
It's Crystal.
It's his half sister.
She's been following him since he got out.
She got pictures of everything.
Ray found these photos.
and Max killed him for it.
I know it's not enough to convict.
but it is enough to open an investigation.
You got pictures
of Max talking to the girl.
- the girl who he said he never met.
- Yeah.
You got him surveilling our house.
Doesn't he live on that street?
Well...
Well. he moved in across from us. Gray.
because he's stalking us.
Y'all. that's not proof.
You're both lawyers. You know this.
I'm-I'm sorry. What kind of proof
are you looking for?
Like our bodies floating in the pool?
Would that be good enough for you?
Would that be enough proof?
Listen. this whole situation
with y'all and Cady.
it's kind of tough to wrap my mind around.
- Oh. my God.
- Every day there's some crazy new shit.
- Yeah.
- You know a guy called Oliver Payne?
- Goes by "Ollie"?
- Who?
A guy came in today
after he saw you on the news.
He said you threatened to kill him
when he accidentally entered your yard.
The guy who I caught trespassing?
The guy who was
swimming in my fucking pool?
I got a right to defend my home. Gray.
I mean. why are we talking about this?
That's not your home.
- You didn't know about this?
- Okay.
- this is not what it looks like.
- Well. tell me what it looks like.
Gray. you know me.
Why did you lie about the Glock?
The 9 you turned over to us
was a Springfield.
but according to this.
you bought a Glock 9 millimeter in 2017
from a dealer in Garden City.
No. I know.
That firing pin broke years ago.
I-I sawed off the barrel. parted it out.
and threw it in a dumpster.
Okay.
You know what we should do?
Let's find somewhere
a little more private and talk.
You wanna question us?
No. no...
- I wanna rule some things out.
- No. Gray--
Tom. we need to rule some things out.
You know. I think you should probably
make an appointment with our attorney.
- Come on.
- Yeah.
Tom. were you involved in
Ray Rawlins's murder?
Jesus. man.
- Are you kidding me right now?
- Tom.
- You think that I killed a family friend?
Hang on. no. no.
You think that I would let
my 17-year-old daughter...
Tom. come on. Come on.
...find his body parts floating
in my fucking pool. man?
Man. you think that's
even a possibility. Gray?
Where's that gun. Tom?
What the fuck? What the fuck?
The gun? Video? They have something else?
- What the fuck was that video anyway?
- That was the guy that was trespassing.
What. you just follow him into a bar
and beat the shit out of him?
- When did that happen?
- Please don't interrogate me too.
What about your dad?
Did you get him the money?
It's gonna take a couple of days.
- Fuck. Fuck!
- Look. just calm down.
If that's all they have on us.
is that we owned a 9 mil. we're fine.
Yeah. "if." We need to figure out
what Max is planning.
...where this morning.
the body of Ray Rawlins
was found dismembered in their pool.
They know he used to own another Glock.
Nine millimeter.
It's on the registry and all.
but he threw it away years ago.
Nothing else. Not that we know of.
but after talking to Grayson
it's pretty clear they're looking at Tom.
I'm in a tough spot. Anna.
I'm his partner.
I could be implicated.
called as a witness.
- For what? He didn't do anything.
- I get it. but I have a...
Why is there a picture of you kissing Max?
What are you talking about?
The fuck is this?
Max...
Max tried kissing me
when we were fighting to get Ruben out.
and I pushed him off.
What's the history here. the real history?
He harassed me.
I'm sorry. I should have told you.
but can we strategize now?
"You put me away for what she did."
That's what Max said. What did you do?
- Natalie?
- Residence secure.
What are you doing home?
You're supposed to be at Paul's.
What's going on?
I mean. how long are these people
and cops gonna be outside?
Nat. listen. the cops think I had
something to do with Ray's murder.
I didn't. obviously.
so it's gonna be okay.
I just want you to be prepared.
Prepared for what? Could you get arrested?
Well. no. not without any evidence.
Is that why you asked about the gun?
What about the gun?
I lied to you guys. I was just...
I was just trying to figure out
what he knew. I-I'm sorry.
What are you saying?
I took the gun.
Savannah. PD.
This is Detective Park.
Open the door. Tom.
You took the gun where?
- To North Carolina.
- Why?
I went with Max. I-I just...
I took the gun for protection.
Tom. open the goddamn door.
Were you up there yesterday when Ray was?
- Ray?
- And you had the gun?
Okay. Did you ever lose sight of it?
Was it ever in Max's hands?
- No. No. I don't know. Dad.
- Did Max ever have the gun in his hands?
- Nat. you gotta...
- It was in my bag.
and I... but at some point. I fell asleep.
Don't you make us
do this the hard way. Tom.
Wait. Dad. Please. I--
Okay. Everything's gonna be okay.
You don't say anything to nobody. okay?
You're under arrest
for the murder of Ray Rawlins.
Based on what evidence? What changed?
What-What changed since this afternoon?
Jesus. Tom. he found out you were gonna
frame Max Cady and you killed him.
Wait. where did you get that?
Where are you getting that information?
Come on. Annie. you know how this works.
Stay here. okay? You just wait right here.
You guys did not have to do this
in front of his daughter.
He would have come down to the station
if you asked him to.
This is bullshit.
Tom. Tom. I'm gonna call Jared. all right?
We're gonna meet you down there.
This isn't gonna stick.
We're gonna get you out.
Come on. let's go inside.
Attorney Anna Bowden. bar number 54481.
calling to confirm a visit with my client.
Thomas Bowden. booking number M67052.
We can prove that Tom Bowden conspired
to frame our client for possession.
Now. unfortunately.
Ray Rawlins found out about this plan.
and Tom Bowden killed him in cold-blood.
intending to accuse my client
of that crime too.
And you can back up these claims?
Yeah. yeah. right from
the horse's mouth right here.
My son-in-law set out to frame Max.
and I helped him.
Why? Because I'm a stupid old man
who just wanted to get up with
his grandkids again. which was the deal.
Then this Ray Rawlins guy...
It's okay. It's okay.
I don't know why...
Look. I love my daughter. Anna.
and I would do anything for her.
Anyway. Tom and Anna Bowden have
built a life of privilege.
Built on my misery.
you know. my suffering.
But they're not and they've never been
the good people they say they are.
Tom Bowden did this. Look at this.
Get close. Bring me the camera.
Bring the camera here.
Come here. Look at that. yeah?
Tom Bowden did this. all right?
But finally the truth is coming out.
Absolutely. Justice will be done.
I filed as your attorney.
and it's only a matter of time before
the conflict is out. but I wanted to talk.
My dad must have talked to the cops
and told them the same story.
So that was the probable cause
for your arrest.
Will you just talk to me. please? Okay?
I need help. I need to figure out
what we're gonna do here.
Is Natalie Max's daughter?
I don't know.
Well. did you fuck him?
I said I don't know. I...
What does that mean? "I don't know."
How can you not fucking know?
- Because I don't know.
- Don't lie to me.
I am not lying to you. I don't know.
You hid the real reason
that he's targeting us.
If I had have known.
maybe we could have done something--
No. there is nothing that
we could've done. We--
And you got me
to conspire with you against him.
- I got you to?
- "You put me away for what she did."
You manipulated me. You got me.
We put Max in jail
so that you wouldn't have to face him.
I didn't force you to do anything.
You wanted him there as much as I did.
How long were you gonna hide this from me?
What was the endgame?
- Were you just gonna let it play out?
- No. I swear.
- it's more complicated than that.
- Then enlighten me!
Come on. Tom. You know me.
Do I?
How many years you been
fucking hiding this from me?
Who the fuck are you?
I am out here fighting for you.
I am fighting for us.
For us?
There is no us.
This? This is nothing.
Tom. Look. just calm down.
I'll get you out of jail.
and then we can talk through this.
- okay?
- You do whatever the fuck you need to do.
Just...
get away from me.
This is what he wants.
Mom.
Hi.
Just go-go back to-to your room. please.
Look at me.
- Just go back up to your room.
- Mom.
You need coffee.
What did Max Cady do to you?
This was me for the longest time.
I started to have these blackouts...
First it was just a couple of hours. then...
whole nights and then...
weekends.
So. when I met Max.
he was this handsome businessman
who just needed to talk to the cops
because his wife was missing.
and I was this disaster
just waiting to happen.
And this was before
his wife's body was found. remember?
You know. he thought that
she had ran out on him.
and I thought that she had left too.
and I was...
still engaged to Paul. but there was just...
Yeah.
We went out for a drink.
I had just one. and then two and then...
Did he...
No. no. I mean. I don't...
know what happened that night. but...
it had happened before with other men.
which made it all the more shameful.
And then Max's wife's body was found.
And when I found out that I was pregnant.
I... didn't know if it was Paul's...
or his.
That's okay. Mom.
What happened. that's not your fault.
I-I don't know.
I-I don't know what happened that night.
but I know what might have.
and I have worked very hard
to bury that shame deep underground.
I quit drinking.
I married a good man.
And I built a good life for you...
for my daughter.
And then I buried Max Cady
deep underground.
But not deep enough.
What do you mean. "buried"?
It's okay.
We'll find a way. I'll help you.
No. What he's doing to us
is giving his life meaning.
He's not gonna stop until we're dead.
Or he is.
I think you just need sleep.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
Just lay down. Mom.
I miss you so much. I miss you so much.
Natalie. what are you doing here?
You fucking used me.
No.
I-I didn't use you.
I like you very much. Very much.
I just want to help you be
who you really are.
You care about me?
Oh. yeah. yeah. A lot.
Then go tell the truth.
Tell the cops that my dad didn't kill Ray.
What truth?
Oh. the truth.
Yeah. listen. you're about to learn things
about the people you love.
Hard things. Natalie.
Things that you are going to
wish you never knew.
And it's gonna take time.
Time
to really understand
what is going on with you and them...
But you will always have me.
Always on your side.
- Fuck you. I don't believe any of that.
- Hey!
And I think you deserve everything
that happened to you.
- All right.
- Everything!
- Easy.
- Fuck you. Tell the truth.
Give me that thing.
Don't be a child.
- Put that thing down.
- Stop.
Move... I will fucking shoot you. Stop!
You don't know how to use this thing.
Fuck you.
This thing can harm you. okay?
Tell the truth.
Look at your hands. They're shaking.
My love. you can't do this.
Or maybe you can shoot me.
Maybe you can. It'll fix everything.
Self-defense.
- I'm a grown man. You're a child.
- Shut up.
- You'll get away with that.
Yeah. and I'll be gone.
I'll be gone. I'll be gone.
And you'll be back to your life
with your fucking weak father
- and your horrible mother.
- I hate you.
Hold on here. Yes. right here.
- Fucking do it. Do it. Do it.
- Shut up.
- Shut up. Shut up.
- Do it. Fucking do it. Pull the trigger.
- Shut up! Shut up.
- Pull the trigger.
- Do I need to beg? Do it!
- Stop!
Fuck.
- No. No. no. no. no. no. No. Natalie--
- Ma'am.
No. no. no. no.
- Mom? Mom!
- No. no. no. no. Natalie! Natalie!
Ma'am. I will arrest you.
Please let me go through.
What happened. baby? What happened?
I missed.
No. No.
I'm sorry.
No. No. No. no. no. no. no.
Don't take her! Please. Please. no.
I did it. I did it. Look at me. I did it.
Natalie.
I love you. baby. okay? You're fine.
Natalie! Natalie!
You're lucky to be alive.
Bullet missed all major organs.
- You got a visitor.
- What?
Your sister. Crystal.
What?
What are you doing here?
Wanna try to finish
what our daughter started?
Where did they take our little girl?
Youth detention. I guess. Shit.
What a shame.
We'll say I did it.
Okay? I shot you.
You don't understand.
Natalie found you.
I'll go to prison. okay?
- It's an eye for an eye.
- Anna--
Just stop.
Look. I will do whatever you want.
This is what I wanted.
For you to feel this.
To feel your family ripped apart.
Broken.
Caged.
Your children taken away.
This...
I did not take away your son.
You killed your wife and your son.
You destroyed your family. not me.
Look what a little bit of
pressure does to you.
I will kill you. I will destroy you.
Do you understand?
- I will kill you. I will kill you.
- Whoa. Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Security.
Okay. Anna. go on.
Try to make sense of this life now.
God's timing is perfect.
Tropical Storm Wesley
became Hurricane Wesley
and continues to grow over the Atlantic.
Please be advised
as we continue to monitor the situation.